                                 M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

 Term              Definition

 Total MAC         Number of MAC addresses currently in the forwarding database.
 Addresses in use

 Total MAC         Number of MAC addresses the forwarding database can handle.
 Addresses
 available

process cpu threshold
Use this command to configure the CPU utilization thresholds. The Rising and Falling
thresholds are specified as a percentage of CPU resources. The utilization monitoring time
period can be configured from 5 seconds to 86,400 seconds in multiples of 5 seconds. The
CPU utilization threshold configuration is saved across a switch reboot. Configuring the
falling utilization threshold is optional. If the falling CPU utilization parameters are not
configured, they take the same value as the rising CPU utilization parameters.

 Format           process cpu threshold type total rising <1-100> interval <5-86400>
                  {falling <1-100> interval <5-86400>}

 Mode             Global Config

 Parameter             Description

 rising threshold      The percentage of CPU resources that, when exceeded for the configured rising
                       interval, triggers a notification. The range is 1­100. The default is 0 (disabled).

 rising interval       The duration of the CPU rising threshold violation, in seconds, that must be met to
                       trigger a notification. The range is 5­86,400. The default is 0 (disabled).

 falling threshold     The percentage of CPU resources that, when usage falls below this level for the
                       configured interval, triggers a notification. The range is 1­100. The default is 0
                       (disabled). A notification is triggered when the total CPU utilization falls below this
                       level for a configured period of time. The falling utilization threshold notification is
                       made only if a rising threshold notification was previously done. The falling utilization
                       threshold must always be equal or less than the rising threshold value. The CLI does
                       not allow setting the falling threshold to be greater than the rising threshold.

 falling interval      The duration of the CPU falling threshold, in seconds, that must be met to trigger a
                       notification. The range is 5­86,400. The default is 0 (disabled).

show process cpu
This command provides the percentage utilization of the CPU by different tasks.

                                         Utility Commands
                                               347
