                            M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

2.  Policy
    a.  Creating and deleting policies
    b. Associating classes with a policy
    c.  Defining policy statements for a policy/class combination
3.  Service
    a.  Adding and removing a policy to/from an inbound or outbound interface
The DiffServ class defines the packet filtering criteria. The attributes of a DiffServ policy
define the way the switch processes packets. You can define policy attributes on a per-class
instance basis. The switch applies these attributes when a match occurs.
Packet processing begins when the switch tests the match criteria for a packet. The switch
applies a policy to a packet when it finds a class match within that policy.
The following rules apply when you create a DiffServ class:
·   Each class can contain a maximum of one referenced (nested) class
·   Class definitions do not support hierarchical service policies
A class definition can contain a maximum of one reference to another class. You can
combine the reference with other match criteria. The referenced class is truly a reference and
not a copy, because additions to a referenced class affect all classes that reference it.
Changes to any class definition currently referenced by any other class must result in valid
class definitions for all derived classes, otherwise the switch rejects the change. You can
remove a class reference from a class definition.
The only way to remove an individual match criterion from an existing class definition is to
delete the class and re-create it.

    Note: The mark possibilities for policing include CoS, IP DSCP, and IP
            Precedence. While the latter two are only meaningful for IP packet
            types, CoS marking is allowed for both IP and non-IP packets, since it
            updates the 802.1p user priority field contained in the VLAN tag of the
            layer 2 packet header.

diffserv
This command sets the DiffServ operational mode to active. While disabled, the DiffServ
configuration is retained and can be changed, but it is not activated. When enabled, DiffServ
services are activated.

 Format      diffserv

 Mode        Global Config

                                 Quality of Service Commands
                                          271
