                                M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

Term                  Definition

Transmit Discards        Total Transmit Packets Discards - The sum of single collision frames discarded, multiple
                          collision frames discarded, and excessive frames discarded.
                         Single Collision Frames - A count of the number of successfully transmitted frames on a
                          particular interface for which transmission is inhibited by exactly one collision.
                         Multiple Collision Frames - A count of the number of successfully transmitted frames on
                          a particular interface for which transmission is inhibited by more than one collision.
                         Excessive Collisions - A count of frames for which transmission on a particular interface
                          fails due to excessive collisions.
                         Port Membership Discards - The number of frames discarded on egress for this port due
                          to egress filtering being enabled.

Protocol Statistics      802.3x Pause Frames Transmitted - A count of MAC Control frames transmitted on this
                          interface with an opcode indicating the PAUSE operation. This counter does not increment
                          when the interface is operating in half-duplex mode.
                         GVRP PDUs Received - The count of GVRP PDUs received in the GARP layer.
                         GVRP PDUs Transmitted - The count of GVRP PDUs transmitted from the GARP layer.
                         GVRP Failed Registrations - The number of times attempted GVRP registrations could
                          not be completed.
                         GMRP PDUs Received - The count of GMRP PDUs received in the GARP layer.
                         GMRP PDUs Transmitted - The count of GMRP PDUs transmitted from the GARP layer.
                         GMRP Failed Registrations - The number of times attempted GMRP registrations could
                          not be completed.
                         STP BPDUs Transmitted - Spanning Tree Protocol Bridge Protocol Data Units sent.
                         STP BPDUs Received - Spanning Tree Protocol Bridge Protocol Data Units received.
                         RST BPDUs Transmitted - Rapid Spanning Tree Protocol Bridge Protocol Data Units
                          sent.
                         RSTP BPDUs Received - Rapid Spanning Tree Protocol Bridge Protocol Data Units
                          received.
                         MSTP BPDUs Transmitted - Multiple Spanning Tree Protocol Bridge Protocol Data Units
                          sent.
                         MSTP BPDUs Received - Multiple Spanning Tree Protocol Bridge Protocol Data Units
                          received.

Dot1x Statistics         EAPOL Frames Transmitted - The number of EAPOL frames of any type that have been
                          transmitted by this authenticator.
                         EAPOL Frames Received - The number of valid EAPOL frames of any type that have
                          been received by this authenticator.

Time Since            The elapsed time, in days, hours, minutes, and seconds since the statistics for this port were
Counters Last         last cleared.
Cleared

                                            Utility Commands
                                                  341
