                                M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

   show service-policy
   This command displays a summary of policy-oriented statistics information for all interfaces
   in the specified direction.

     Format       show service-policy {in | out}

     Mode         Privileged EXEC

   The information that is shown in the following table is repeated for each interface and
   direction (only those interfaces configured with an attached policy are shown).

     Term            Definition

     Interface       Valid slot and port number separated by forward slashes.

     Operational     The current operational status of this DiffServ service interface.
     Status

     Policy Name     The name of the policy attached to the interface.

MAC Access Control List (ACL) Commands

   This section describes the commands you use to configure MAC ACL settings. MAC ACLs
   ensure that only authorized users have access to specific resources and block any
   unwarranted attempts to reach network resources.
   The following rules apply to MAC ACLs:
   ·   The maximum number of ACLs you can create is hardware-dependent. The limit applies
       to all ACLs, regardless of type.
   ·   The system supports only Ethernet II frame types.
   ·   The maximum number of rules per MAC ACL is hardware-dependent.

   mac access-list extended
   This command creates a MAC access control list (ACL) identified by <name>, consisting of
   classification fields defined for the Layer 2 header of an Ethernet frame. The <name>
   parameter is a case-sensitive alphanumeric string from 1 to 31 characters uniquely
   identifying the MAC access list.
   If a MAC ACL by this name exists, this command enters Mac-Access-List config mode to
   allow updating the existing MAC ACL.

       Note: The CLI mode changes to Mac-Access-List Config mode when you
                 successfully execute this command.

                                    Quality of Service Commands
                                            293
