                                  M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

   Use the all keyword to display the per-port configuration parameters for all interfaces, or
   specify the slot/port to display information about a specific interface.

     Format        show storm-control [all | <slot/port>]

     Mode          Privileged EXEC

     Term             Definition

     Bcast Mode       Shows whether the broadcast storm control mode is enabled or disabled. The factory
                      default is disabled.

     Bcast Level      The broadcast storm control level.

     Mcast Mode       Shows whether the multicast storm control mode is enabled or disabled.

     Mcast Level      The multicast storm control level.

     Ucast Mode       Shows whether the Unknown Unicast or DLF (Destination Lookup Failure) storm control
                      mode is enabled or disabled.

     Ucast Level      The Unknown Unicast or DLF (Destination Lookup Failure) storm control level.

Flow Control Commands

   In 802.3x flow control, the MAC control PAUSE operation is specified in IEEE 802.3 Annex
   31 B. It allows traffic from one device to be throttled for a specified period of time and is
   defined for devices that are directly connected. A device that needs to inhibit transmission of
   data frames from another device on the LAN transmits a PAUSE frame as defined in the
   IEEE specification.
   This feature allows the user to configure the switch to use symmetric, asymmetric, or no flow
   control. Asymmetric flow control allows the switch to respond to received PAUSE frames, but
   the port cannot generate PAUSE frames. Symmetric flow control allows the switch to both
   respond to and generate MAC control PAUSE frames.

   flowcontrol
   Use this command to enable or disable the symmetric or asymmetric flow control on the
   switch. Use the no form of command to disable the symmetric or asymmetric flow control.
   Asymmetric here means that Tx Pause can never be enabled. Only Rx Pause can be
   enabled.

     Default       Disabled

     Format        flowcontrol {symmetric | asymmetric}

     Mode          ·  Global Config
                   ·  Interface Config

                                              Switching Commands
                                                     107
