                              M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

   If you specify the interface, the command also displays the following information.

     Term          Definition

     Interface     The slot/port of the interface. If displaying the global configuration, this output line is
                   replaced with a Global Config indication.

     Interface     The maximum transmission bandwidth limit for the interface as a whole. It is independent
     Shaping Rate  of any per-queue maximum bandwidth value(s) in effect for the interface. This is a
                   configured value.

   show interfaces random-detect
   This command displays the global WRED settings for each CoS queue. If you specify the
   slot/port, the command displays the WRED settings for each CoS queue on the specified
   interface.

     Format       show interfaces random-detect [<slot/port>]

     Mode         Privileged EXEC

     Term          Definition

    Queue ID      An interface supports n queues numbered 0 to (n-1). The specific n value is
                   platform-dependent.

     WRED Minimum  The configured minimum threshold the queue depth (as a percentage) where WRED
     Threshold     starts marking and dropping traffic.

     WRED Maximum  The configured maximum threshold is the queue depth (as a percentage) above which
     Threshold     WRED marks / drops all traffic.

     WRED Drop     The configured percentage probability that WRED will mark/drop a packet, when the
     Probability   queue depth is at the maximum threshold. (The drop probability increases linearly from 0
                   just before the minimum threshold, to this value at the maximum threshold, then goes to
                   100% for larger queue depths).

Differentiated Services (DiffServ) Commands

   This section describes the commands you use to configure QOS Differentiated Services
   (DiffServ).
   You configure DiffServ in several stages by specifying three DiffServ components:
   1.  Class
       a.   Creating and deleting classes.
       b.   Defining match criteria for a class.

                                     Quality of Service Commands
                                                   270
