                               M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

   command without the keyword no to reenable a disabled feature or to enable a feature that
   is disabled by default. Only the configuration commands are available in the no form.

Managed Switch Modules

   Managed switch software consists of flexible modules that can be applied in various
   combinations to develop advanced Layer 2/3/4+ products. The commands and command
   modes available on your switch depend on the installed modules. Additionally, for some
   show commands, the output fields might change based on the modules included in the
   software.
   The software suite includes the following modules:
      Switching (Layer 2)
      Routing (Layer 3)
      Quality of Service
      Management (CLI, web UI, and SNMP)

Command Modes

   The CLI groups commands into modes according to the command function. Each of the
   command modes supports specific software commands. The commands in one mode are
   not available until you switch to that particular mode, except for the User EXEC mode
   commands. You can execute the User EXEC mode commands in the Privileged EXEC
   mode.
   The command prompt changes in each command mode to help you identify the current
   mode. The following table describes the command modes and the prompts visible in that
   mode.

       Note: The command modes available on your switch depend on the software
               modules that are installed. For example, a switch that does not support
               BGPv4 does not provide the Router BGPv4 Command Mode.

    Table 5. CLI Command Modes

     Command Mode      Prompt                             Mode Description

     User EXEC         Switch>                            Contains a limited set of commands to view
                                                          basic system information.

     Privileged EXEC   Switch#                            Allows you to issue any EXEC command,
                                                          enter the VLAN mode, or enter the Global
                                                          Configuration mode.

                                  Using the Command-Line Interface
                                          11
