                           M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

storm-control multicast (Interface Config)
This command enables multicast storm recovery mode for an interface. If the mode is
enabled, multicast storm recovery is active, and if the rate of L2 multicast traffic ingressing on
an interface increases beyond the configured threshold, the traffic will be dropped. Therefore,
the rate of multicast traffic will be limited to the configured threshold.

 Default     disabled

 Format      storm-control multicast

 Mode        Interface Config

no storm-control multicast

This command disables multicast storm recovery mode for an interface.

 Format      no storm-control multicast

 Mode        Interface Config

storm-control multicast level (Interface Config)
This command configures the multicast storm recovery threshold for an interface as a
percentage of link speed and enables multicast storm recovery mode. If the mode is enabled,
multicast storm recovery is active, and if the rate of L2 multicast traffic ingressing on an
interface increases beyond the configured threshold, the traffic will be dropped. Therefore,
the rate of multicast traffic will be limited to the configured threshold.

 Default     5

 Format      storm-control multicast level <0-100>

 Mode        Interface Config

no storm-control multicast level

This command sets the multicast storm recovery threshold to the default value for an
interface and disables multicast storm recovery.

 Format      no storm-control multicast level <0-100>

 Mode        Interface Config

storm-control multicast rate (Interface Config)
Use this command to configure the multicast storm recovery threshold for an interface in
packets per second. If the mode is enabled, multicast storm recovery is active, and if the rate
of L2 broadcast traffic ingressing on an interface increases beyond the configured threshold,
the traffic is dropped. Therefore, the rate of multicast traffic is limited to the configured
threshold.

                                  Switching Commands
                                        101
