                              M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

spanning-tree mst instance
This command adds a multiple spanning tree instance to the switch. The parameter
<mstid> is a number within a range of 1­4094, that corresponds to the new instance ID to
be added. The maximum number of multiple instances supported by the switch is 4.

 Default       none

 Format        spanning-tree mst instance <mstid>

 Mode          Global Config

no spanning-tree mst instance

This command removes a multiple spanning tree instance from the switch and reallocates all
VLANs allocated to the deleted instance to the Common and Internal Spanning Tree. The
parameter <mstid> is a number that corresponds to the desired existing multiple spanning
tree instance to be removed.

 Format        no spanning-tree mst instance <mstid>

 Mode          Global Config

spanning-tree mst priority
This command sets the bridge priority for a specific multiple spanning tree instance. The
parameter <mstid> is a number that corresponds to the desired existing multiple spanning
tree instance. The priority value is a number within a range of 0­61440 in increments of
4096.
If you specify 0 (defined as the default CIST ID) as the <mstid>, this command sets the
Bridge Priority parameter to a new value for the Common and Internal Spanning Tree. The
bridge priority value is a number within a range of 0­61440. The twelve least significant bits
are masked according to the 802.1s specification. This causes the priority to be rounded
down to the next lower valid priority.

 Default       32768

 Format        spanning-tree mst priority <mstid> <0-61440>

 Mode          Global Config

no spanning-tree mst priority

This command sets the bridge priority for a specific multiple spanning tree instance to the
default value. The parameter <mstid> is a number that corresponds to the desired existing
multiple spanning tree instance.

                                  Switching Commands
                                              35
