                            M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

Term               Definition

Receive Packets    The number of inbound packets which were chosen to be discarded even though no errors had
Discarded          been detected to prevent their being deliverable to a higher-layer protocol. One possible reason
                   for discarding such a packet could be to free up buffer space.

Packets Received   ·   Total Packets Received with MAC Errors - The total number of inbound packets that
with MAC Errors        contained errors preventing them from being deliverable to a higher-layer protocol.
                   ·   Jabbers Received - The total number of packets received that were longer than 1518
                       octets (excluding framing bits, but including FCS octets), and had either a bad Frame
                       Check Sequence (FCS) with an integral number of octets (FCS Error) or a bad FCS with a
                       non-integral number of octets (Alignment Error). Note that this definition of jabber is
                       different than the definition in IEEE-802.3 section 8.2.1.5 (10BASE5) and section 10.3.1.4
                       (10BASE2). These documents define jabber as the condition where any packet exceeds 20
                       ms. The allowed range to detect jabber is 20­150 ms.
                   ·   Fragments/Undersize Received - The total number of packets received that were less
                       than 64 octets in length (excluding framing bits but including FCS octets).
                   ·  Alignment Errors - The total number of packets received that had a length (excluding
                       framing bits, but including FCS octets) of from 64 through 1518 octets, inclusive, but had a
                       bad Frame Check Sequence (FCS) with a non-integral number of octets.
                   ·   Rx FCS Errors - The total number of packets received that had a length (excluding framing
                       bits, but including FCS octets) of from 64 through 1518 octets, inclusive, but had a bad
                       Frame Check Sequence (FCS) with an integral number of octets.
                   ·   Overruns - The total number of frames discarded as this port was overloaded with
                       incoming packets, and could not keep up with the inflow.

Received Packets   ·   Total Received Packets Not Forwarded - A count of valid frames received which were
Not Forwarded          discarded (in other words, filtered) by the forwarding process
                   ·   Local Traffic Frames - The total number of frames dropped in the forwarding process
                       because the destination address was located off of this port.
                   ·   802.3x Pause Frames Received - A count of MAC Control frames received on this
                       interface with an opcode indicating the PAUSE operation. This counter does not increment
                       when the interface is operating in half-duplex mode.
                   ·   Unacceptable Frame Type - The number of frames discarded from this port due to being
                       an unacceptable frame type.
                   ·   Multicast Tree Viable Discards - The number of frames discarded when a lookup in the
                       multicast tree for a VLAN occurs while that tree is being modified.
                   ·   Reserved Address Discards - The number of frames discarded that are destined to an
                       IEEE 802.1 reserved address and are not supported by the system.
                   ·   Broadcast Storm Recovery - The number of frames discarded that are destined for
                       FF:FF:FF:FF:FF:FF when Broadcast Storm Recovery is enabled.
                   ·   CFI Discards - The number of frames discarded that have CFI bit set and the addresses in
                       RIF are in non-canonical format.
                   ·   Upstream Threshold - The number of frames discarded due to lack of cell descriptors
                       available for that packet's priority level.

                                       Utility Commands
                                              339
