                             M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

The information that is shown in the following table is repeated for each class that is
associated with this policy (only the policy attributes that are configured are displayed).

 Term             Definition

 Assign Queue     Directs traffic stream to the specified QoS queue. This allows a traffic classifier to specify
                  which one of the supported hardware queues are used for handling packets belonging to
                  the class.

 Class Name       The name of this class.

 Committed Burst  The committed burst size, used in simple policing.
 Size (KB)

 Committed Rate   The committed rate, used in simple policing,
 (Kbps)

 Conform Action   The current setting for the action taken on a packet considered to conform to the policing
                  parameters. This is not displayed if policing is not in use for the class under this policy.

 Conform COS      The CoS mark value if the conform action is set-cos-transmit.

 Conform DSCP     The DSCP mark value if the conform action is set-dscp-transmit.
 Value

 Conform IP       The IP Precedence mark value if the conform action is set-prec-transmit.
 Precedence
 Value

 Drop             Drop a packet upon arrival. This is useful for emulating access control list operation
                  using DiffServ, especially when DiffServ and ACL cannot co-exist on the same interface.

 Mark CoS         The Class of Service value that is set in the 802.1p header of inbound packets. This is
                  not displayed if the mark cos was not specified.

 Mark IP DSCP     The mark/re-mark value used as the DSCP for traffic matching this class. This is not
                  displayed if mark ip description is not specified.

 Mark IP          The mark/re-mark value used as the IP Precedence for traffic matching this class. This is
 Precedence       not displayed if mark ip precedence is not specified.

 Mirror           Copies a classified traffic stream to a specified egress port (physical port or LAG). This
                  can occur in addition to any marking or policing action. It might also be specified along
                  with a QoS queue assignment.

 Non-Conform      The current setting for the action taken on a packet considered to not conform to the
 Action           policing parameters. This is not displayed if policing not in use for the class under this
                  policy.

 Non-Conform      The CoS mark value if the non-conform action is set-cos-transmit.
 COS

 Non-Conform      The DSCP mark value if the non-conform action is set-dscp-transmit.
 DSCP Value

 Non-Conform IP   The IP Precedence mark value if the non-conform action is set-prec-transmit.
 Precedence
 Value

                                   Quality of Service Commands
                                                290
