                              M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

MLD Snooping Commands

   This section describes commands used for MLD Snooping. In IPv4, Layer 2 switches can use
   IGMP Snooping to limit the flooding of multicast traffic by dynamically configuring Layer 2
   interfaces so that multicast traffic is forwarded only to those interfaces associated with IP
   multicast addresses. In IPv6, MLD Snooping performs a similar function. With MLD
   Snooping, IPv6 multicast data is selectively forwarded to a list of ports that want to receive
   the data, instead of being flooded to all ports in a VLAN. This list is constructed by snooping
   IPv6 multicast control packets.

   set mld
   Use this command to enable MLD Snooping on the system (Global Config Mode) or an
   interface (Interface Config Mode). This command also enables MLD Snooping on a particular
   VLAN and enables MLD Snooping on all interfaces participating in a VLAN.
   If an interface has MLD Snooping enabled and you enable this interface for routing or enlist it
   as a member of a port-channel (LAG), MLD Snooping functionality is disabled on that
   interface. MLD Snooping functionality is re-enabled if you disable routing or remove port
   channel (LAG) membership from an interface that has MLD Snooping enabled.
   MLD Snooping supports the following activities:
      Validation of address version, payload length consistencies and discarding of the frame
       upon error.
      Maintenance of the forwarding table entries based on the MAC address versus the IPv6
       address.
      Flooding of unregistered multicast data packets to all ports in the VLAN.

     Default    disabled

     Format     set mld <vlan-id>

     Mode          Global Config
                   Interface Config
                   VLAN Mode

   no set mld

   Use this command to disable MLD Snooping on the system.

     Format     no set mld <vlan-id>

     Mode          Global Config
                   Interface Config
                   VLAN Mode

                                       Switching Commands
                                       168
