                              M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

show network
Use this command to display configuration settings associated with the switch's network
interface. The network interface is the logical interface used for in-band connectivity with the
switch via any of the switch's front panel ports. The configuration parameters associated with
the switch's network interface do not affect the configuration of the front panel ports through
which traffic is switched or routed. The network interface is always considered to be up,
whether any member ports are up; therefore, the show network command will always show
"Interface Status" as "up".

 Format         show network

 Modes          ·  Privileged EXEC
                ·  User EXEC

 Term              Definition

 Interface Status  The network interface status; it is always considered to be "up".

 IP Address        The IP address of the interface. The factory default value is 0.0.0.0.

 Subnet Mask       The IP subnet mask for this interface. The factory default value is 0.0.0.0.

 Default Gateway   The default gateway for this IP interface. The factory default value is 0.0.0.0.

 IPv6              Whether enabled or disabled.
 Administrative
 Mode

 IPv6              The IPv6 address and length.
 Address/Length

 IPv6 Default      The IPv6 default router address.
 Router

 Burned In MAC     The burned in MAC address used for in-band connectivity.
 Address

 Locally           If desired, a locally administered MAC address can be configured for in-band
 Administered      connectivity. To take effect, 'MAC Address Type' must be set to 'Locally Administered'.
 MAC Address       Enter the address as twelve hexadecimal digits (6 bytes) with a colon between each
                   byte. Bit 1 of byte 0 must be set to a 1 and bit 0 to a 0, that is, byte 0 should have the
                   following mask "xxxx xx10". The MAC address used by this bridge when it must be
                   referred to in a unique fashion. It is recommended that this be the numerically smallest
                   MAC address of all ports that belong to this bridge. However it is only required to be
                   unique. When concatenated with dot1dStpPriority a unique BridgeIdentifier is formed
                   which is used in the Spanning Tree Protocol.

 MAC Address       The MAC address which should be used for in-band connectivity. The choices are the
 Type              burned in or the Locally Administered address. The factory default is to use the burned in
                   MAC address.

                                      Management Commands
                                                    448
