                                 M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

IGMP Snooping Querier Commands

   IGMP Snooping requires that one central switch or router periodically query all end-devices
   on the network to announce their multicast memberships. This central device is the "IGMP
   Querier". The IGMP query responses, known as IGMP reports, keep the switch updated with
   the current multicast group membership on a port-by-port basis. If the switch does not
   receive updated membership information in a timely fashion, it will stop forwarding multicast
   to the port where the end device is located.
   This section describes commands used to configure and display information about IGMP
   Snooping Queriers on the network and, separately, on VLANs.

   set igmp querier
   Use this command to enable IGMP Snooping Querier on the system, using Global Config
   mode, or on a VLAN. Using this command, you can specify the IP Address that the Snooping
   Querier switch should use as the source address while generating periodic queries.
   If a VLAN has IGMP Snooping Querier enabled and IGMP Snooping is operationally disabled
   on it, IGMP Snooping Querier functionality is disabled on that VLAN. IGMP Snooping
   functionality is re-enabled if IGMP Snooping is operational on the VLAN.

       Note: The Querier IP Address assigned for a VLAN takes preference over
                global configuration.

   The IGMP Snooping Querier application supports sending periodic general queries on the
   VLAN to solicit membership reports.

     Default       disabled

     Format        set igmp querier [<vlan-id>] [address <ipv4-address>]

     Mode             Global Config
                      VLAN Mode

   no set igmp querier

   Use this command to disable IGMP Snooping Querier on the system. Use the optional
   address parameter to reset the querier address to 0.0.0.0.

     Format        no set igmp querier [<vlan-id>] [address]

     Mode             Global Config
                      VLAN Mode

                                         Switching Commands
                                             164
