                               M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

Packet Capture Commands

   Packet capture commands assist in troubleshooting protocol-related problems with the
   management CPU. The packets to and from the management CPU can be captured in an
   internally allocated buffer area for export to a PC host for protocol analysis. Public domain
   packet analysis tools like Ethereal can be used to decode and review the packets in detail.
   Capturing can be performed in a variety of modes, either transmit-side only, receive-side only,
   or both. The number of packets captured will depend on the size of the captured packets.

   capture {start | stop}
   Use the capture start command to manually start capturing CPU packets for packet
   trace. Capturing packets is stopped automatically when 128 packets are captured and have
   not yet been displayed during a capture session. It is guaranteed that packets not displayed
   and not saved will not be lost when capturing is in progress. Use the capture stop
   command to manually stop capturing CPU packets for packet trace before the moment when
   128 packets are captured and capturing packets is stopped automatically.The packet capture
   operates in three modes:
   ·   Capture file
   ·   Remote capture
   ·   Capture line
   The command is not persistent across a reboot cycle.

     Format      capture {start | stop} {transmit | receive | all}

     Mode        Privileged EXEC

   capture {file | remote | line}
   Use this command to configure file capture options. The command is persistent across a
   reboot cycle.

     Default     Remote

     Format      capture {file | remote | line}

     Mode        Global Config

     Parameter       Description

     file            In capture file mode, the captured packets are stored in a file on NVRAM. The
                     maximum file size defaults to 524,288 bytes. The switch can transfer the file to a TFTP
                     server via TFTP, SFTP, SCP via CLI, web and SNMP. The file is formatted in pcap
                     format, is named cpuPktCapture.pcap, and can be examined using network
                     analyzer tools such as Wireshark® by Ethereal®. Starting a file capture automatically
                     terminates any remote capture sessions and line capturing. After the packet capture is
                     activated, the capture proceeds until the capture file reaches its maximum size, or
                     until the capture is stopped manually using the CLI command capture stop.

                                    Utility Commands
                                   400
