                               M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

show spanning-tree mst port detailed
This command displays the detailed settings and parameters for a specific switch port within
a particular multiple spanning tree instance. The parameter <mstid> is a number that
corresponds to the desired existing multiple spanning tree instance. The <slot/port> is
the desired switch port.

 Format          show spanning-tree mst port detailed <mstid> <slot/port>

 Mode            ·  Privileged EXEC
                 ·  User EXEC

 Term               Definition

 MST Instance ID    The ID of the existing MST instance.

 Port Identifier    The port identifier for the specified port within the selected MST instance. It is made up
                    from the port priority and the interface number of the port.

 Port Priority      The priority for a particular port within the selected MST instance. The port priority is
                    displayed in multiples of 16.

 Port Forwarding    Current spanning tree state of this port.
 State

 Port Role          Each enabled MST Bridge Port receives a Port Role for each spanning tree. The port
                    role is one of the following values: Root Port, Designated Port, Alternate Port, Backup
                    Port, Master Port, or Disabled Port

 Auto-Calculate     Indicates whether auto calculation for port path cost is enabled.
 Port Path Cost

 Port Path Cost     Configured value of the Internal Port Path Cost parameter.

 Designated Root    The Identifier of the designated root for this port.

 Root Path Cost     The path cost to get to the root bridge for this instance. The root path cost is zero if the
                    bridge is the root bridge for that instance.

 Designated         Bridge Identifier of the bridge with the Designated Port.
 Bridge

 Designated Port    Port on the Designated Bridge that offers the lowest cost to the LAN.
 Identifier

 Loop               The current loop inconsistent state of this port in this MST instance. When in loop
 Inconsistent       inconsistent state, the port has failed to receive BPDUs while configured with loop guard
 State              enabled. Loop inconsistent state maintains the port in a "blocking" state until a
                    subsequent BPDU is received.

                                        Switching Commands
                                                   41
