                           M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

dot1x max-users
Use this command to set the maximum number of clients supported on the port when
MAC-based dot1x authentication is enabled on the port. The maximum users supported per
port is dependent on the product. The <count> value is in the range 1 - 48.

 Default       48

 Format        dot1x max-users <count>

 Mode          Interface Config

no dot1x max-users

This command resets the maximum number of clients allowed per port to its default value.

 Format       no dot1x max-req

 Mode          Interface Config

dot1x port-control
This command sets the authentication mode to use on the specified port. Select
force-unauthorized to specify that the authenticator PAE unconditionally sets the
controlled port to unauthorized. Select force-authorized to specify that the authenticator
PAE unconditionally sets the controlled port to authorized. Select auto to specify that the
authenticator PAE sets the controlled port mode to reflect the outcome of the authentication
exchanges between the supplicant, authenticator, and the authentication server. If the
mac-based option is specified, MAC-based dot1x authentication is enabled on the port.

 Default       auto

 Format        dot1x port-control {force-unauthorized | force-authorized | auto |
               mac-based}

 Mode          Interface Config

no dot1x port-control

This command sets the 802.1x port control mode on the specified port to the default value.

 Format        no dot1x port-control

 Mode          Interface Config

dot1x port-control all
This command sets the authentication mode to use on all ports. Select
force-unauthorized to specify that the authenticator PAE unconditionally sets the
controlled port to unauthorized. Select force-authorized to specify that the authenticator
PAE unconditionally sets the controlled port to authorized. Select auto to specify that the

                                  Switching Commands
                                           83
