                               M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

     Term           Definition

     MAC Address    A MAC address for which the switch has forwarding and or filtering information. The
                    format is 6 or 8 two-digit hexadecimal numbers that are separated by colons, for example
                    01:23:45:67:89:AB. In an IVL system the MAC address will be displayed as 8 bytes.

     VLAN ID        A VLAN Identifier (VID) is associated with each VLAN.

Switch Port Commands

   This section describes the commands used for switch port mode.

   switchport mode
   Use this command to configure the mode of a switch port as access, trunk, or general:
   ·   Trunk mode. In trunk mode, the port becomes a member of all VLANs on the switch
       unless specified in the allowed list in the switchport trunk allowed vlan
       command. The PVID of the port is set to the native VLAN as specified in the
       switchport trunk native vlan command. This means that trunk ports accept both
       tagged and untagged packets. Untagged packets are processed on the native VLAN and
       tagged packets are processed on the VLAN for which the ID is contained in the packet.
       MAC learning is performed on both tagged and untagged packets. Tagged packets that
       are received with a VLAN ID of which the port is not a member are discarded and MAC
       learning is not performed.
       The trunk ports always transmit packets untagged on a native VLAN.
   ·  Access mode. In access mode, the port becomes a member of only one VLAN. The port
       sends and receives untagged traffic. The port can also receive tagged traffic. Ingress
       filtering is enabled on the port. This means that when the VLAN ID of a received packet is
       not identical to the access VLAN ID, the packet is discarded.
   ·   General mode. In general mode, you can perform custom configuration of the VLAN
       membership, PVID, tagging, ingress filtering, and so on. The general mode is legacy
       behavior of the switch port configuration and you use legacy CLI commands to configure
       the port in general mode.

     Default     General mode

     Format      switchport mode {access | trunk | general}

     Mode        Interface Config

                                       Switching Commands
                                         59
