                             M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

About PoE

   Power over Ethernet (PoE) describes a technology to pass electrical power safely along with
   data on existing Ethernet cabling. The PSE or power supply equipment is the device or
   switch that delivers electrical power, and the PD or powered device is the end device that
   powers up through the power delivered along the Ethernet cable.
   This technology is governed by two standards:
      IEEE 802.3af-2003. This is the original standard, also known as the low-power standard,
       which mandates delivery of up to 15.4 watts by the PSE. Because of power dissipation,
       only 12.95 watts are assured to be available at the powered device (PD). The PD needs
       to be designed so that it can accept power over Ethernet cabling. Category 3 cables can
       be used to deliver power to the PD. However, with the advent of 802.11n, the newer
       wireless APs required more power. To account for this, a newer standard was developed
       in 2009, known as 802.3at.
      IEEE 802.3at-2009. This is the newer standard, also known as PoE+. This is also known
       as the high-power standard, which mandates delivery of up to 34.2 watts by the PSE.
       Because of power dissipation, PoE+ provides only a maximum of 25.5 watts at the
       powered device. Some PSEs can provide up to 51 watts. Before this standard became
       available in 2009, the industry started using different implementations to allow for more
       power. All these needed to be brought under the purview of the newer 802.3at standard.

PoE Commands

   poe
   Use this command to enable the Power over Ethernet (PoE) functionality on a global basis or
   per interface.

     Default      enabled

     Format       poe

     Mode            Global Config
                     Interface Config

   no poe

   Use this command to disable the Power over Ethernet (PoE) functionality on a global basis or
   per interface.

     Format       no poe

     Mode            Global Config
                     Interface Config

                                    Power over Ethernet Commands
                                                  318
