                              M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

Term                Definition

Packets                Total Packets Transmitted (Octets) - The total number of octets of data (including those
Transmitted Octets      in bad packets) received on the network (excluding framing bits but including FCS octets).
                       This object can be used as a reasonable estimate of Ethernet utilization. If greater
                        precision is desired, the etherStatsPkts and etherStatsOctets objects should be sampled
                        before and after a common interval. -----
                       Packets Transmitted 64 Octets - The total number of packets (including bad packets)
                        received that were 64 octets in length (excluding framing bits but including FCS octets).
                       Packets Transmitted 65-127 Octets - The total number of packets (including bad packets)
                        received that were from 65 through 127 octets in length inclusive (excluding framing bits
                        but including FCS octets).
                       Packets Transmitted 128-255 Octets - The total number of packets (including bad
                        packets) received that were from 128 through 255 octets in length inclusive (excluding
                        framing bits but including FCS octets).
                       Packets Transmitted 256-511 Octets - The total number of packets (including bad
                        packets) received that were from 256 through 511 octets in length inclusive (excluding
                        framing bits but including FCS octets).
                       Packets Transmitted 512-1023 Octets - The total number of packets (including bad
                        packets) received that were from 512 through 1023 octets in length inclusive (excluding
                        framing bits but including FCS octets).
                       Packets Transmitted 1024-1518 Octets - The total number of packets (including bad
                        packets) received that were from 1024 through 1518 octets in length inclusive (excluding
                        framing bits but including FCS octets).
                       Packets Transmitted > 1518 Octets - The total number of packets transmitted that were
                        longer than 1518 octets (excluding framing bits, but including FCS octets) and were
                        otherwise well formed.
                       Max Frame Size - The maximum size of the Info (non-MAC) field that this port will receive
                        or transmit.

Packets                Total Packets Transmitted Successfully- The number of frames that have been
Transmitted             transmitted by this port to its segment.
Successfully           Unicast Packets Transmitted - The total number of packets that higher-level protocols
                        requested be transmitted to a subnetwork-unicast address, including those that were
                        discarded or not sent.
                       Multicast Packets Transmitted - The total number of packets that higher-level protocols
                        requested be transmitted to a Multicast address, including those that were discarded or not
                        sent.
                       Broadcast Packets Transmitted - The total number of packets that higher-level protocols
                        requested be transmitted to the Broadcast address, including those that were discarded or
                        not sent.

Transmit Packets    The number of outbound packets which were chosen to be discarded even though no errors
Discarded           had been detected to prevent their being deliverable to a higher-layer protocol. A possible
                    reason for discarding a packet could be to free up buffer space.

Transmit Errors        Total Transmit Errors - The sum of Single, Multiple, and Excessive Collisions.
                       Tx FCS Errors - The total number of packets transmitted that had a length (excluding
                        framing bits, but including FCS octets) of from 64 through 1518 octets, inclusive, but had a
                        bad Frame Check Sequence (FCS) with an integral number of octets.
                       Oversized - The total number of frames that exceeded the max permitted frame size. This
                        counter has a max increment rate of 815 counts per sec. at 10 Mb/s.
                       Underrun Errors - The total number of frames discarded because the transmit FIFO buffer
                        became empty during frame transmission.

                                          Utility Commands
                                                 340
