                                   M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

     Term                              Definition

     Private-vlan host-association     Displays VLAN association for the private-VLAN host ports.

     Private-vlan mapping              Displays VLAN mapping for the private-VLAN promiscuous ports

GARP Commands

   This section describes the commands you use to configure Generic Attribute Registration
   Protocol (GARP) and view GARP status. The commands in this section affect both GARP
   VLAN Registration Protocol (GVRP) and Garp Multicast Registration Protocol (GMRP).
   GARP is a protocol that allows client stations to register with the switch for membership in
   VLANS (by using GVMP) or multicast groups (by using GVMP).

   set garp timer join
   This command sets the GVRP join time for one port (Interface Config mode) or all (Global
   Config mode) and per GARP. Join time is the interval between the transmission of GARP
   Protocol Data Units (PDUs) registering (or re-registering) membership for a VLAN or
   multicast group. This command has an effect only when GVRP is enabled. The time is from
   10 to 100 (centiseconds). The value 20 centiseconds is 0.2 seconds.

     Default       20

     Format        set garp timer join <10-100>

     Mode          ·  Interface Config
                   ·  Global Config

   no set garp timer join

   This command sets the GVRP join time (for one or all ports and per GARP) to the default and
   only has an effect when GVRP is enabled.

     Format        no set garp timer join

     Mode          ·  Interface Config
                   ·  Global Config

   set garp timer leave
   This command sets the GVRP leave time for one port (Interface Config mode) or all ports
   (Global Config mode) and only has an effect when GVRP is enabled. Leave time is the time
   to wait after receiving a unregister request for a VLAN or a multicast group before deleting
   the VLAN entry. This can be considered a buffer time for another station to assert registration
   for the same attribute in order to maintain uninterrupted service. The leave time is 20­600
   (centiseconds). The value 60 centiseconds is 0.6 seconds.

                                            Switching Commands
                                                  74
