                             M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

   no dot1x supplicant timeout auth-period

   Use this command to set the auth-period value to the default value.

     Format     no dot1x supplicant timeout auth-period

     Mode       Interface Config

   dot1x supplicant user
   Use this command to map the user to the port.

     Format     dot1x supplicant user

     Mode       Interface Config

Storm-Control Commands

   This section describes commands you use to configure storm control and view storm control
   configuration information. A traffic storm is a condition that occurs when incoming packets
   flood the LAN, which creates performance degradation in the network. The storm control
   feature protects against this condition.
   The switch provides broadcast, multicast, and unicast story recovery for individual interfaces.
   Unicast storm control protects against traffic whose MAC addresses are not known by the
   system. For broadcast, multicast, and unicast storm control, if the rate of traffic ingressing on
   an interface increases beyond the configured threshold for that type, the traffic is dropped.
   To configure storm control, you can enable the feature for all interfaces or for individual
   interfaces, and you can set the threshold (storm-control level), beyond which the broadcast,
   multicast, or unicast traffic is dropped. The storm control feature allows you to limit the rate of
   specific types of packets through the switch on a per-port, per-type, basis.
   Configuring a storm-control level also enables that form of storm control. Disabling a
   storm-control level (using the no version of the command) sets the storm control level back to
   the default value and disables that form of storm control. Using the no version of the
   storm-control command (without stating a level) disables that form of storm control but
   maintains the configured level (to be active the next time that form of storm control is
   enabled.)

       Note: The actual rate of ingress traffic required to activate storm control is
             based on the size of incoming packets and the hard-coded average
             packet size of 512 bytes--used to calculate a packet-per-second
             (pps) rate--as the forwarding-plane requires pps versus an absolute
             rate kbps. For example, if the configured limit is 10 percent, this is
             converted to ~25000 pps, and this pps limit is set in forwarding plane
             (hardware). You get the approximate desired output when 512 bytes
             packets are used.

                                      Switching Commands
                                            97
