                             M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

The show dot1x detail <slot/port> command displays the following MAC-based
dot1x fields if the port-control mode for that specific port is MAC-based. For each client
authenticated on the port, the show dot1x detail <slot/port> command displays the
following MAC-based dot1x parameters if the port-control mode for that specific port is
MAC-based.

 Term             Definition

 Supplicant      The MAC-address of the supplicant.
 MAC-Address

 Authenticator    Current state of the authenticator PAE state machine. Possible values are Initialize,
 PAE State        Disconnected, Connecting, Authenticating, Authenticated, Aborting, Held,
                  ForceAuthorized, and ForceUnauthorized.

 Backend          Current state of the backend authentication state machine. Possible values are Request,
 Authentication   Response, Success, Fail, Timeout, Idle, and Initialize.
 State

 VLAN-Assigned   The VLAN assigned to the client by the radius server.

 Logical Port    The logical port number associated with the client.

If you use the optional parameter statistics <slot/port>, the following dot1x statistics
for the specified port appear.

 Term             Definition

 Port            The interface whose statistics are displayed.

 EAPOL Frames    The number of valid EAPOL frames of any type that have been received by this
 Received         authenticator.

 EAPOL Frames    The number of EAPOL frames of any type that have been transmitted by this
 Transmitted      authenticator.

 EAPOL Start     The number of EAPOL start frames that have been received by this authenticator.
 Frames
 Received

 EAPOL Logoff    The number of EAPOL logoff frames that have been received by this authenticator.
 Frames
 Received

 Last EAPOL      The protocol version number carried in the most recently received EAPOL frame.
 Frame Version

 Last EAPOL      The source MAC address carried in the most recently received EAPOL frame.
 Frame Source

 EAP             The number of EAP response/identity frames that have been received by this
 Response/Id      authenticator.
 Frames
 Received

                                       Switching Commands
                                               92
