                              M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

The information that is shown in the following table displays if you do not enter a parameter,
the keyword all, or the MAC address and VLAN ID. If you enter vlan <vlan-id>, only the
Mac Address, Interface, and Status fields display.

 Term              Definition

 Mac Address       A unicast MAC address for which the switch has forwarding and or filtering information.
                   The format is 6 or 8 two-digit hexadecimal numbers that are separated by colons, for
                   example 01:23:45:67:89:AB. In an IVL system the MAC address will be displayed as
                   8 bytes.

 Interface         The port through which this address was learned.

 Interface Index   This object indicates the ifIndex of the interface table entry associated with this port.

 Status            The status of this entry. The meanings of the values are:
                     Static. The value of the corresponding instance was added by the system or a user
                      when a static MAC filter was defined. It cannot be relearned.
                     Learned. The value of the corresponding instance was learned by observing the
                      source MAC addresses of incoming traffic, and is currently in use.
                     Management. The value of the corresponding instance (system MAC address) is
                       also the value of an existing instance of dot1dStaticAddress. It is identified with
                       interface 0/1. and is currently used when enabling VLANs for routing.
                      Self. The value of the corresponding instance is the address of one of the switch's
                      physical interfaces (the system's own MAC address).
                     GMRP Learned. The value of the corresponding was learned via GMRP and applies
                      to Multicast.
                     Other. The value of the corresponding instance does not fall into one of the other
                      categories.

If you enter the interface <slot/port> parameter, in addition to the MAC Address and
Status fields, the VLAN ID field displays.

 Term              Definition

 VLAN ID           The VLAN on which the MAC address was learned.

The information that is shown in the following table displays if you enter the count
parameter.

 Term              Definition

 Dynamic           Number of MAC addresses in the forwarding database that were automatically learned.
 Address count

 Static Address    Number of MAC addresses in the forwarding database that were manually entered by a
 (User-defined)    user.
 count

                                           Utility Commands
                                             346
