                                M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

     Term            Definition

     VLAN Assigned   The reason the VLAN identified in the VLAN ID field has been assigned to the port.
                     Possible values are RADIUS, Unauthenticated VLAN, or Default. When the VLAN
                     Assigned reason is Default, it means that the VLAN was assigned to the port because
                     the PVID of the port was that VLAN ID.

     Session Timeout This value indicates the time for which the session is valid. The time period in seconds is
                     returned by the RADIUS server on authentication of the port. This value is valid for the
                     port only when the port-control mode is not MAC-based.

     Session         This value indicates the action to be taken once the session timeout expires. Possible
     Termination     values are Default and Radius-Request. If the value is Default, the session is terminated
     Action          and client details are cleared. If the value is Radius-Request, a reauthentication of the
                     client is performed.

   show dot1x users
   This command displays 802.1x port security user information for locally configured users.

     Format      show dot1x users <slot/port>

     Mode        Privileged EXEC

     Term            Definition

     Users           Users configured locally to have access to the specified port.

802.1X Supplicant Commands

   802.1X ("dot1x") supplicant functionality is on point-to-point ports. The administrator can
   configure the user name and password used in authentication and capabilities of the
   supplicant port.

   dot1x pae
   Use this command to set the port's dot1x role. The port can serve as either a supplicant or an
   authenticator.

     Format      dot1x pae {supplicant | authenticator}

     Mode        Interface Config

   dot1x supplicant port-control
   Use this command to set the ports authorization state (Authorized or Unauthorized) either
   manually or by setting the port to auto-authorize upon startup. By default all the ports are
   authenticators. If the port's attribute must be moved from authenticator to supplicant or
   supplicant to authenticator, use this command.

                                            Switching Commands
                                                94
