                                   M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

     Term              Definition

     Log               Displays when you enable logging for the rule.

     Assign Queue     The queue identifier to which packets matching this rule are assigned.

     Mirror Interface The slot/port to which packets matching this rule are copied.

     Redirect         The slot/port to which packets matching this rule are forwarded.
     Interface

     Time Range        Displays the name of the time-range if the IPv6 ACL rule has referenced a time range.
     Name

     Rule Status       Status (Active/Inactive) of the IPv6 ACL rule.

Time Range Commands for Time-Based ACLs

   Time-based ACLs allow one or more rules within an ACL to be based on time. Each ACL rule
   within an ACL, except for the implicit deny all rule, can be configured to be active and
   operational only during a specific time period. The time range commands allow you to define
   specific times of the day and week to implement time-based ACLs. The time range is
   identified by a name and can then be referenced by an ACL rule defined with in an ACL.

   time-range
   Use this command to create a time range identified by <name>, consisting of one absolute
   time entry and/or one or more periodic time entries. The <name> parameter is a
   case-sensitive, alphanumeric string from 1 to 31 characters that uniquely identifies the time
   range. An alpha-numeric string is defined as consisting of only alphabetic, numeric, dash,
   underscore, or space characters. If a time range by this name exists, this command enters
   Time-Range config mode to allow updating the time range entries

         Note: When you successfully execute this command, the CLI mode
                 changes to Time-Range Config mode.

     Format       time-range <name>

     Mode         Global Config

   no time-range

   Use this command to delete a time-range identified by <name>.

     Format       no time-range <name>

     Mode         Global Config

                                        Quality of Service Commands
                                              309
