                                M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

   show dvlan-tunnel
   Use this command without the optional parameters to display all interfaces enabled for
   Double VLAN Tunneling. Use the optional parameters to display detailed information about
   Double VLAN Tunneling for the specified interface or all interfaces.

     Format       show dvlan-tunnel [interface {<slot/port> | all}]

     Mode         ·   Privileged EXEC
                  ·   User EXEC

     Term            Definition

     Interface       Valid slot and port number separated by forward slashes.

     Mode            The administrative mode through which Double VLAN Tunneling can be enabled or
                     disabled. The default value for this field is disabled.

     EtherType       A 2-byte hex EtherType to be used as the first 16 bits of the DVLAN tunnel. There are
                     three different EtherType tags. The first is 802.1Q, which represents the commonly used
                     value of 0x8100. The second is vMAN, which represents the commonly used value of
                     0x88A8. If EtherType is not one of these two values, it is a custom tunnel value,
                     representing any value in the range of 0­65535.

Voice VLAN Commands

   This section describes the commands you use for Voice VLAN. Voice VLAN enables switch
   ports to carry voice traffic with defined priority to enable separation of voice and data traffic
   coming onto the port. The benefits of using Voice VLAN is to ensure that the sound quality of
   an IP phone could be safeguarded from deteriorating when the data traffic on the port is high.
   Also the inherent isolation provided by VLANs ensures that inter-VLAN traffic is under
   management control and that network- attached clients cannot initiate a direct attack on
   voice components. QoS-based on IEEE 802.1P Class of Service (CoS) uses classification
   and scheduling to sent network traffic from the switch in a predictable manner. The system
   uses the source MAC of the traffic traveling through the port to identify the IP phone data
   flow.

   voice vlan (Global Config)
   Use this command to enable the Voice VLAN capability on the switch.

     Default      disabled

     Format       voice vlan

     Mode         Global Config

                                      Switching Commands
                                              65
