                               M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

   vlan priority
   This command configures the default 802.1p port priority assigned for untagged packets for a
   specific interface. The range for the priority is 0­7.

     Default     0

     Format      vlan priority <priority>

     Mode        Interface Config

Protected Ports Commands

   This section describes commands you use to configure and view protected ports on a switch.
   Protected ports do not forward traffic to each other, even if they are on the same VLAN.
   However, protected ports can forward traffic to all unprotected ports in their group.
   Unprotected ports can forward traffic to both protected and unprotected ports. Ports are
   unprotected by default.
   If an interface is configured as a protected port, and you add that interface to a Port Channel
   or link aggregation group (LAG), the protected port status becomes operationally disabled on
   the interface, and the interface follows the configuration of the LAG port. However, the
   protected port configuration for the interface remains unchanged. Once the interface is no
   longer a member of a LAG, the current configuration for that interface automatically becomes
   effective.

   switchport protected (Global Config)
   Use this command to create a protected port group. The <groupid> parameter identifies the
   set of protected ports. Use the name <name> pair to assign a name to the protected port
   group. The name can be up to 32 alphanumeric characters long, including blanks. The
   default is blank.

       Note: Port protection occurs within a single switch. Protected port configuration
               does not affect traffic between ports on two different switches. No traffic
               forwarding is possible between two protected ports.

     Format      switchport protected <groupid> name <name>

     Mode        Global Config

                                          Switching Commands
                                          68
