                           M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

AutoVoIP Commands

   AutoVoIP detects the VoIP streams and put the VoIP streams in the specific VLAN (auto-voip
   VLAN) and provides higher Class of Service to the VoIP streams automatically (both data
   and signaling). It detects the VoIP streams in two modes.
      Protocol-based Auto VoIP. In a VoIP system, various signaling protocols are used to
       establish the connection between two VoIP devices. The supported signaling protocols
       are SIP, H.323, and SCCP.
      OUI-based Auto VoIP. The OUI-based Auto VoIP feature prioritizes VoIP packets based
       on the OUI bytes in the source MAC address. A default list of OUIs is maintained. User is
       also allowed to configure OUIs that need prioritization apart from the default OUI list. Up
       to 128 OUIs are allowed on the device or system, including the default OUIs.

       Note: If voice VLAN and Auto-VoIP are enabled at the same time, one of
                them is operational. If the connected phone is LLDP-MED capable,
                voice VLAN has precedence over the Auto VoIP and Auto VoIP is
                operational if the phone does not support LLDP-MED.

   auto-voip
   This command is used to configure auto VoIP mode. The supported modes are
   protocol-based and OUI-based. Protocol-based auto VoIP prioritizes the voice data based on
   the layer 4 port used for the voice session. OUI-based auto VOIP prioritizes the phone traffic
   based on the known OUI of the phone.

     Default   oui-based

     Format    auto-voip {protocol-based | oui-based}

     Mode         Global Config
                  Interface Config

   no auto-voip {protocol-based | oui-based}

   This command is used to set default mode.

     Format    no auto-voip {protocol-based | oui-based}

     Mode         Global Config
                  Interface Config

                                    Quality of Service Commands
                                           312
