                            M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

 Parameter         Description

 remote            In remote capture mode, the captured packets are redirected in real time to an
                   external computer running the Wireshark tool for Microsoft® Windows®. A packet
                   capture server runs on the switch side and sends the captured packets via a TCP
                   connection to the Wireshark tool. The remote capture can be enabled or disabled
                   using the CLI. There should be a Windows computer with the Wireshark tool to display
                   the captured file. When using the remote capture mode, the switch does not store any
                   captured data locally on its file system. You can configure the IP port number for
                   connecting Wireshark to the switch. The default port number is 2002. If a firewall is
                   installed between the Wireshark PC and the switch, these ports must be allowed to
                   pass through the firewall. You must configure the firewall to allow the Wireshark
                   computer to initiate TCP connections to the switch. If the socket connection to
                   Wireshark has been established, the captured CPU packets are written to the data
                   socket. Wireshark receives the packets and processes it to display. This continues
                   until the session is terminated by either end. Starting a remote capture session
                   automatically terminates the file capture and line capturing.

 line              In capture line mode, the captured packets are saved in real-time mode into the RAM
                   and can be displayed on the CLI. Starting a line capture automatically terminates any
                   remote capture session and capturing into a file.

no capture

Use this command to reset the capture mode to remote mode.

 Format       no capture

 Mode         Global Config

capture remote port
Use this command to configure file capture options. The command is persistent across a
reboot cycle.

 Default      2002

 Format       capture remote port <port-id>

 Mode         Global Config

no capture remote port

Use this command to reset the remote port to the default (2002).

 Format       no capture report port

 Mode         Global Config

                                      Utility Commands
                                         401
