                        M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

Total Rx High Alloc Attempts   384555
Total Tx Alloc Attempts        2478536
Total Rx Norm Alloc Failures   0
Total Rx Mid2 Alloc Failures   0
Total Rx Mid1 Alloc Failures   0
Total Rx High Alloc Failures   0
Total Tx Alloc Failures        0

show running-config
Use this command to display or capture the current setting of different protocol packages
supported on the switch. This command displays or captures commands with settings and
configurations that differ from the default value. To display or capture the commands with
settings and configurations that are equal to the default value, include the [all] option.

    Note: The output of the show running-config command does not display
          the user password, even if you set one different from the default.

The output is displayed in the script format, which can be used to configure another switch
with same configuration. If the optional <scriptname> is provided with a file name
extension of .scr, the output is redirected to a script file.

    Note: If you issue the show running-config command from a serial
          connection, access to the switch through remote connections (such as
          Telnet) is suspended while the output is being generated and displayed.

    Note: If you use a text-based configuration file, the show running-config
          command displays only configured physical interfaces, that is, if any
          interface only contains the default configuration, that interface will be
          skipped from the show running-config command output. This is true
          for any configuration mode that contains nothing but default
          configuration. That is, the command to enter a particular config mode,
          followed immediately by its exit command, are both omitted from the
          output of the show running-config command (and hence from the
          startup-config file when the system configuration is saved.)

This command captures the current settings of the trapflag status:
·   If all the flags are enabled, then the comma\nd displays trapflags all.
·   If all the flags in a particular group are enabled, then the command displays trapflags
    group name all.

                                   Utility Commands
                                         349
