                           M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

no cos-queue random-detect

Use this command to disable WRED and restore the default tail drop operation for the
specified queues on all interfaces or one interface.

 Format        no cos-queue random-detect <queue-id-1> [<queue-id-2> ... <queue-id-n>]

 Modes           Global Config
                 Interface Config

random-detect exponential weighting-constant
Use this command to configure the WRED decay exponent for a CoS queue interface.

 Format        random-detect exponential-weighting-constant <0-15>

 Modes           Global Config
                 Interface Config

 Default       9

no random-detect exponential weighting-constant

Use this command to reset the WRED decay exponent to the default value on all interfaces
or one interface.

 Format        no random-detect exponential-weighting-constant

 Modes           Global Config
                 Interface Config

random-detect queue-parms
Use this command to configure WRED parameters for each drop precedence level supported
by a queue. Use it only when per-COS queue configuration is enabled (using the cos-queue
random-detect command).
   <min-thresh> is the minimum threshold the queue depth (as a percentage) where
    WRED starts marking and dropping traffic.
   <max-thresh> is the maximum threshold is the queue depth (as a percentage) above
    which WRED marks or drops all traffic.
   <drop-probability> is the percentage probability that WRED marks or drops a
    packet, when the queue depth is at the maximum threshold. (The drop probability
    increases linearly from 0 just before the minimum threshold, to this value at the maximum
    threshold, then goes to 100 percent for larger queue depths). Each parameter is specified
    for each possible drop precedence (color of TCP traffic).
The last precedence applies to all non-TCP traffic. For example, in a 3-color system, four of
each parameter specified: green TCP, yellow TCP, red TCP, and non-TCP, respectively.

                                   Quality of Service Commands
                                           266
