                                  M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

MLD Snooping Querier Commands

   In an IPv6 environment, MLD Snooping requires that one central switch or router periodically
   query all end-devices on the network to announce their multicast memberships. This central
   device is the MLD Querier. The MLD query responses, known as MLD reports, keep the
   switch updated with the current multicast group membership on a port-by-port basis. If the
   switch does not receive updated membership information in a timely fashion, it will stop
   forwarding multicast frames to the port where the end device is located.
   This section describes the commands you use to configure and display information on MLD
   Snooping queries on the network and, separately, on VLANs.

   set mld querier
   Use this command to enable MLD Snooping Querier on the system (Global Config Mode) or
   on a VLAN. Using this command, you can specify the IP address that the snooping querier
   switch should use as a source address while generating periodic queries.
   If a VLAN has MLD Snooping Querier enabled and MLD Snooping is operationally disabled
   on it, MLD Snooping Querier functionality is disabled on that VLAN. MLD Snooping
   functionality is re-enabled if MLD Snooping is operational on the VLAN.
   The MLD Snooping Querier sends periodic general queries on the VLAN to solicit
   membership reports.

     Default         disabled

     Format          set mld querier [vlan-id] [address ipv6_address]

     Mode               Global Config
                        VLAN Mode

   no set mld querier

   Use this command to disable MLD Snooping Querier on the system. Use the optional
   parameter address to reset the querier address.

     Format          no set mld querier [vlan-id] [address]

     Mode               Global Config
                        VLAN Mode

                                            Switching Commands
                                                    175
