                              M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

Command Completion and Abbreviation

   Command completion finishes spelling the command when you type enough letters of a
   command to uniquely identify the command keyword. Once you have entered enough letters,
   press the SPACEBAR or TAB key to complete the word.
   Command abbreviation allows you to execute a command when you have entered there are
   enough letters to uniquely identify the command. You must enter all of the required keywords
   and parameters before you enter the command.

CLI Error Messages

   If you enter a command and the system is unable to execute it, an error message appears.
   The following table describes the most common CLI error messages.
    Table 7. CLI Error Messages

     Message Text                            Description

     % Invalid input detected at '^' marker. Indicates that you entered an incorrect or unavailable command.
                                             The carat (^) shows where the invalid text is detected. This
                                             message also appears if any of the parameters or values are not
                                             recognized.

     Command not found / Incomplete          Indicates that you did not enter the required keywords or values.
     command. Use a question mark (?) to
     list commands.

     Ambiguous command                       Indicates that you did not enter enough letters to uniquely identify
                                             the command.

CLI Line-Editing Conventions

   The following table describes the key combinations you can use to edit commands or
   increase the speed of command entry. You can access this list from the CLI by entering help
   from the User or Privileged EXEC modes.
    Table 8. CLI Editing Conventions

     Key Sequence       Description

     DEL or Backspace   Delete previous character

     Ctrl-A             Go to beginning of line

     Ctrl-E             Go to end of line

     Ctrl-F             Go forward one character

     Ctrl-B             Go backward one character

                                    Using the Command-Line Interface
                                                  14
