                            M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

   show tacacs
   Use this command to display the configuration and statistics of a TACACS+ server.

     Format        show tacacs [<ip-address> | <hostname>]

     Mode          Privileged EXEC

     Field                 Definition

     Host Address          The IP address or hostname of the configured TACACS+ server.

     Port                  The configured TACACS+ server port number.

     TimeOut               The timeout in seconds for establishing a TCP connection.

     Priority              The preference order in which TACACS+ servers are contacted. If a server
                           connection fails, the next highest priority server is contacted.

Configuration Scripting Commands

   Configuration Scripting allows you to generate text-formatted script files representing the
   current configuration of a system. You can upload these configuration script files to a
   computer or UNIX system and edit them. Then, you can download the edited files to the
   system and apply the new configuration. You can apply configuration scripts to one or more
   switches with no or minor modifications.
   Use the show running-config command (see show running-config on page 349) to
   capture the running configuration into a script. Use the copy command (see copy on
   page 371) to transfer the configuration script to or from the switch.
   You should use scripts on systems with default configuration; however, you are not prevented
   from applying scripts on systems with non-default configurations.
   Scripts must conform to the following rules:
      Script files are not distributed across the stack, and only live in the unit that is the master
       unit at the time of the file download.
      The file extension must be ".scr".
     A maximum of ten scripts are allowed on the switch.
      The combined size of all script files on the switch shall not exceed 2048 KB.
      The maximum number of configuration file command lines is 2000.
   You can type single-line annotations at the command prompt to use when you write test or
   configuration scripts to improve script readability. The exclamation point (!) character flags
   the beginning of a comment. The comment flag character can begin a word anywhere on the
   command line, and all input following this character is ignored. Any command line that begins
   with the "!" character is recognized as a comment line and ignored by the parser.

                                      Management Commands
                                                518
