                              M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

Slot/Port Naming Convention

   Managed switch software references physical entities such as cards and ports by using a
   slot/port naming convention. The software also uses this convention to identify certain logical
   entities, such as port-channel interfaces.
   The slot number has two uses. In the case of physical ports, it identifies the card containing
   the ports. In the case of logical and CPU ports it also identifies the type of interface or port.
    Table 3. Type of slots

     Slot Type             Description

     Physical slot numbers Physical slot numbers begin with zero, and are allocated up to the maximum
                           number of physical slots.

     Logical slot numbers  Logical slots immediately follow physical slots and identify port-channel (LAG) or
                           router interfaces.

     CPU slot numbers      The CPU slots immediately follow the logical slots.

   The port identifies the specific physical port or logical interface being managed on a slot.
    Table 4. Type of ports

     Port Type             Description

     Physical Ports        The physical ports for each slot are numbered sequentially starting from zero.

     Logical Interfaces    Port-channel or link aggregation group (LAG) interfaces are logical interfaces that
                           are only used for bridging functions.
                           VLAN routing interfaces are only used for routing functions.
                           Loopback interfaces are logical interfaces that are always up.
                           Tunnel interfaces are logical point-to-point links that carry encapsulated packets.

     CPU ports             CPU ports are handled by the driver as one or more physical entities located on
                           physical slots.

       Note: In the CLI, loopback and tunnel interfaces do not use the slot/port
                format. To specify a loopback interface, you use the loopback ID. To
                specify a tunnel interface, you use the tunnel ID.

Using a Command's "No" Form

   The no keyword is a specific form of an existing command and does not represent a new or
   distinct command. Almost every configuration command has a no form. In general, use the
   no form to reverse the action of a command or reset a value back to the default. For example,
   the no shutdown configuration command reverses the shutdown of an interface. Use the

                                  Using the Command-Line Interface
                                                     10
