                     M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

Cable Test Command

   The cable test feature enables you to determine the cable connection status on a selected
   port.

       Note: The cable test feature is supported only for copper cable. It is not
               supported for optical fiber cable. If the port has an active link while the
               cable test is run, the link can go down for the duration of the test.

   cablestatus
   This command returns the status of the specified port.

     Format        cablestatus <slot/port>

     Mode          Privileged EXEC

     Field         Description

     Cable Status  One of the following statuses is returned:
                      Normal. The cable is working correctly.
                      Open. The cable is disconnected or there is a faulty connector.
                      Short. There is an electrical short in the cable.
                      Cable Test Failed. The cable status could not be determined. The cable may in fact
                       be working.

     Cable Length  If this feature is supported by the PHY for the current link speed, the cable length is
                   displayed as a range between the shortest estimated length and the longest estimated
                   length. Note that if the link is down and a cable is attached to a 10/100 Ethernet adapter,
                   then the cable status may display as Open or Short because some Ethernet adapters
                   leave unused wire pairs unterminated or grounded. Unknown is displayed if the cable
                   length could not be determined.

sFlow Commands

   sFlow is the standard for monitoring high-speed switched and routed networks. sFlow
   technology is built into network equipment and gives complete visibility into network activity,
   enabling effective management and control of network resources.

                                       Utility Commands
                                                   425
