                                 M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

Energy Efficient Ethernet (EEE)

   Energy Efficient Ethernet (EEE) combines MAC with ports that support operation in a
   Low-Power Mode. This feature is defined by the IEEE 802.3az Energy Efficient Ethernet
   Task Force. Lower Power Mode enables both send and receive sides of a link to disable
   some port functionality to save power when the port is lightly loaded. Transition to Low-Power
   Mode does not change the link status. Frames in transit are not dropped or corrupted during
   transition to and from Low-Power Mode. This transition time is transparent to upper layer
   protocols and applications.
   EEE operation is subject to the following conditions:
     Autonegotiation must be enabled to use any of the EEE modes. EEE mode is disabled
       automatically when autonegotiation is disabled.
      Enabling or Disabling EEE mode causes the port link to flap once as EEE capability
       needs to be advertised. This restarts autonegotiation.
      EEE must be disabled while running hardware or software cable diagnostics.
      Combo (Combination) ports: Combo ports support both copper and fiber media. EEE
       mode only applies to copper media. If Energy Detect mode is configured on a
       combination port, it will only function when a copper media is active. EEE LPI statistics
       are only collected if a copper media is used on the port. If the media on a port changes
       from copper to fiber while EEE is enabled, LPI statistics collection stops until the media
       changes back to copper. The outputs of the show green-mode <slot/port> and
       show green-mode eee-lpi-history interface <slot/port> commands
       display updated LPI statistics only if the medium is copper.

Green Ethernet Commands

   green-mode energy-detect
   Use this command enables energy-detect mode on an interface or on all the interfaces.

     Default       Disabled

     Format        green-mode energy-detect

     Mode             Interface Config
                      Interface Range Config

   no green-mode energy-detect

   This command disables energy-detect mode on an interface or on all the interfaces.

     Format        no green-mode energy-detect

     Mode             Interface Config
                      Interface Range Config

                                        Green Ethernet Commands
                                               524
