                             M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

     Default  none

     Format   match srcl4port {<portkey> | <0-65535>}

     Mode        Class-Map Config
                 Ipv6-Class-Map Config

   match vlan
   This command adds to the specified class definition a match condition based on the value of
   the layer 2 VLAN Identifier field (the 802.1Q tag of a VLAN tagged packet). The VLAN is an
   integer from 0 to 4095.

     Default  none

     Format   match vlan <0-4095>

     Mode       Class-Map Config
                Ipv6-Class-Map Config

   match secondary-vlan
   This command adds to the specified class definition a match condition based on the value of
   the layer 2 secondary VLAN Identifier field (the 802.1Q tag of a double VLAN tagged packet).
   The VLAN is an integer from 0 to 4095.

     Default  none

     Format   match secondary-vlan <0-4095>

     Mode       Class-Map Config
                Ipv6-Class-Map Config

DiffServ Policy Commands

   Use the DiffServ policy commands to specify traffic conditioning actions, such as policing and
   marking, to apply to traffic classes
   Use the policy commands to associate a traffic class that you define by using the class
   command set with one or more QoS policy attributes. Assign the class/policy association to
   an interface to form a service. Specify the policy name when you create the policy.
   Each traffic class defines a particular treatment for packets that match the class definition.
   You can associate multiple traffic classes with a single policy. When a packet satisfies the
   conditions of more than one class, preference is based on the order in which you add the
   classes to the policy. The first class you add has the highest precedence.
   This set of commands consists of policy creation/deletion, class addition/removal, and
   individual policy attributes.

                                   Quality of Service Commands
                                           280
