                             M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

RMON Stats and History Commands

   The various MIBs within RFC 2819, 3273, and 3434 are arranged into groups. The managed
   switch supports some of the groups in these RFCs but not all. The managed switch complies
   with MODULE-COMPLIANCE and OBJECT-GROUP definitions within these RFCs for
   supporting individual groups.
   The managed switch supports the following groups:
      RFC 2819
       -   Group 1 - Statistics
           Contains cumulative traffic and error statistics.
       -   Group 2 - History
           Generates reports from periodic traffic sampling that are useful for analyzing trends.
           This group includes History Control Group and Ethernet History Group.
       -   Group 3 - Alarm
           Enables the definition and setting of thresholds for various counters. Thresholds can
           be passed in either a rising or falling direction on existing MIB objects, primarily those
           in the Statistics group. An alarm is triggered when a threshold is crossed and the
           alarm is passed to the Event group. The Alarm requires the Event Group.
       -   Group 9 - Event
           Controls the actions that are taken when an event occurs. RMON events occur when:
             A threshold (alarm) is exceeded
              There is a match on certain filters.
      RFC 3273
       -   Group 1 - Media Independent Group
           Contains media-independent statistics that provide information for full and/or
           half-duplex links as well as high capacity links.
       -   Group 2 - Ether Stats High Capacity Group
           Contains the High Capacity RMON extensions to RMON-1 etherStatsTable (RFC
           2819 Group 1).
       -   Group 3 - Ether History High Capacity Group
           Contains the High Capacity RMON extensions to RMON-1 etherHistoryTable (RFC
           2819 Group 2).
      RFC 3434
       -   Group 1 - High Capacity Alarm Control Group
           Controls the configuration of alarms for high capacity MIB object instances.

                                        Utility Commands
                                              432
