                              M4100 Series ProSAFE Managed Switches

   show routing heap summary
   This command displays a summary of the memory allocation from the routing heap. The
   routing heap is a chunk of memory set aside when the system boots for use by the routing
   applications.

     Format      show routing heap summary

     Mode        Privileged EXEC

     Term                 Description

     Heap Size            The amount of memory, in bytes, allocated at startup for the routing heap.

     Memory In Use        The number of bytes currently allocated.

     Memory on Free List  The number of bytes currently on the free list. When a chunk of memory from the
                          routing heap is freed, it is placed on a free list for future reuse.

     Memory Available in  The number of bytes in the original heap that have never been allocated.
     Heap

     In Use High Water    The maximum memory in use since the system last rebooted.
     Mark

    Command example:
    (NETGEAR Switch) #show routing heap summary
    Heap Size....................... 92594000 bytes
    Memory In Use................... 149598 bytes (0%)
    Memory on Free List............. 78721 bytes (0%)
    Memory Available in Heap........ 92365249 bytes (99%)
    In Use High Water Mark.......... 210788 bytes (0%)

Virtual LAN Routing Commands

   This section describes the commands you use to view and configure VLAN routing and to
   view VLAN routing status information.

   vlan routing
   This command enables routing on a VLAN. The vlanid value has a range from 1 to 4093. The
   [interface ID] value has a range from 1 to 128. Typically, you will not supply the interface ID
   argument, and the system automatically selects the interface ID. However, if you specify an
   interface ID that is already in use, the CLI displays an error message and does not create the
   VLAN interface.

     Format      vlan routing <vlan-id> [interface id]

     Mode        VLAN Config

                                       Routing Commands
                                            251
